I feel like everything's gonna work out
fine
[Music]
half of humanity will still exist
who put that thing away now I don't want
to tell you again
all right Guardians don't forget this
might be dangerous so let's put on our
mean faces what happened
my first bite first
get it off how's this dude still alive
he is not a dude
Nura dude this this is a man my handsome
muscular man it's like his muscles are
made of cotati little fibers stop
massaging his muscles
wake him up who are you guys
the entire time I knew him he only ever
had one goal
to wipe out half the universe if he gets
all the Infinity stones she can do it
with the snap of his fingers just like
that he won't stop until he destroys
half the universe everything you know
everything you love
it will all be gone I know it feels like
old hope is lost
together we can stop flannels I think
we'll pass just kid we're it tummies new
again tennis
[Music]
so death
in time you will know what it's like to
lose feel so desperately that you're
right yet to fail all the same
hey I need you to cost instruction
[Music]
read it
run so much
Dustin's still alive
[Music]
we're gonna need some out
all right kid you're an adventure game
I'm Peter by the way thoughts are
strange oh you're using your made-up
names then I am spider-man let's talk
about this plan tears I think it's good
except it sucks so let me do the plan
and that way it might be really good
Wow
fun isn't something one considers from
balancing universe
but this
does put a smile on my face
you don't want to trade him
but we were
[Music]
perfectly balanced
I hope that remember you
was an idea to bring together a group of
remarkable people to see if we could
become something more so when they
needed us we could fight the battles
that they never could
we got one advantage
we have a tannish once
so that's what we use
we're gonna need some help
[Music]
howdy big buck not bad for the end of
the world
evacuate the city
engage your defenses
and get this man a sheet let's go today
I would don't fight for one life
we fight for all of that
[Music]
perfectly bounce
as all things should be
I hope that remember you
[Music]
should I step past you